---
layout: post
title: 2010 Contest Sponsors v1.0
---
Ask and ye shall receive. In case you didn't see the
[tweets](http://twitter.com/railsrumble), I wanted to call a little attention
to our first batch of 2010 contest sponsors. A big thanks to our old friends
at [Thoughtbot](http://thoughtbot.com), [Intridea](http://intridea.com), and
[BDDCasts](http://bddcasts.com) for supporting us again this year, and to our
new friends at [Tropo](http://tropo.com), [Koombea](http://koombea.com), [The
Frontier Group](http://thefrontiergroup.com.au),
[Juicer](http://uploadjuicer.com), [Mogotest](http://mogotest.com),
[Screencasts.org](http://screencasts.org), and
[StickerMule](http://stickermule.com). Please take a few minutes and check out
our [sponsors page](/sponsors) to read about the great products and services
offered by these folks, many of which will be available as contest prizes or
special promotions to all entrants.

<img src="/images/2010/8/thank-you.gif" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 10px 10px"/>

Of course, extra not-so-sekrit special thanks goes to
[Linode](http://linode.com) and [GitHub](http://github.com) who are supporting
the Rumble yet again as infrastructure partners. We really (seriously! no
kidding!) couldn't do it without these guys. Did I mention that they've
allowing us to expand to offer 300 team spots this year? Yessir.

Finally, I'd also like to thank Rob Dempsey over at
[ActsAsConference](http://actsasconference.com), who is offering a special
promotion rate for RailsRumble enthusiasts; you can register using the code
"railsrumble" and receive $75 off. Is very good deal.

We've got a few more sponsor deals in the works, and some really exciting
exhibition matches that we'll be announcing soon. As of right now, all the
heavyweight spots are officially spoken for. However, we still have
sponsorship opportunities avaialble at the middleweight and lightweight
levels, and we'd love to have you on board for the ride. So if you're
interested in sponsorship, or have an exhibition match to propose, make sure
to [reach out to us](mailto:organizers@railsrumble.com).
